A thirty year old story which
strained Kolkata police.
Is that coming back
or just a sign?
COUNTER-ATTACK
"The Stoneman diary"?
Why will you have bad things like
cigarettes, beedis and tobacco?
They cause cancer.
Have nice things like Roshogolla.
(voiceover)
KALIKA IT'S ALL BECAUSE OF YOU
11th SEPTEMBER 1970 - 7th MARCH 2017
Don't you have a home?
Why are you roaming hither and thither?
What do I do?
You never stop to sing.
You're roaming and singing …
I'm roaming and listening.
Will you not sing any more?
What do I gain from that?
But you're a fakir!
Good heavens! My mind is fakir,
not my belly!
People give me something or
the other for my singing...
What will you give?
Me?
Aaa …
Take this … it's 'monda'!
Take! Take!
Gosh! This is rich man's food!
Will it suit my belly?
Mother says whatever the food is,
you should have respect for it.
She's right!
Absolutely true!
You'll continue to give 'monda' to
all throughout your life.
Only give?
Shall I not have them too?
Not all people come to this world to eat.
Some come to feed others.
Your work will be to feed everyone...
Rosogolla...
Oh my my!
My little one, what will you be?
Pick up!
Come here! Here! Here!
Kartikda!
O Kartikda!
What's up?
Bring the fried shrimps.
I'll add them to the mochaar ghanto.
What're you doing?
Mixing non-veg in a veg item?
Oh! Mixing food with food.
Don't spare words! Just give it.
Those are worms.
No one adds them to mocha.
Never happens like that.
Never happens, is it?
That's what you're saying Kartikda?
Didn't I tell you it doesn't work?
It does.
What?
From now on, it'll work.
Harisadhan, is this feast for your grandson's
naming ceremony or his marriage?
It's awesome! Just awesome!
Harisadhan! Would you please
call your cook?
I'll give him a reward of
whole one rupee.
What're you saying?
He'll become rich!
I'm calling him.
Kartik! Come here for once!
Being extremely pleased with your
preparations, they want to reward you.
Me?
A whole rupee!
Take this.
Ok, then Harisadhan!
Now we'll take leave of you.
Bye! Please come again!
Oh sure!
Fed on my money you've grown
to be a fat pig...
And now you're seeking
explanation from me?
What answer do I have?
What do you want me to say –
That my nephew works
in the kitchen like a woman.
And it fills my heart with pride?
Then why do people engage
male cooks for cooking?
They get money for cooking.
And it is their job.
Strange!
If you earn for your job,
you're a man...
If you don't, you're a woman?
Hey! Please stop!
What kind of a logic is this?
Yes Aunty!
You better take him away!
Look at that! He has learnt the art
of quarrelling like a woman!
Well...
Since I'll have to be a man,
brother, I've decided
From now on I'll not
cook for this house.
No!
I'll work in a sweetmeat shop.
In seven generations, no one
in our family has done such work.
And you're planning to become
a 'moira' (a sweetmeat maker)?
'Moira'?
But brother!
He'll have to
get engaged in some work.
Did you see that?
Only you have spoiled him!
If you do that,
from this day onwards,
I'll have no relationship with you two.
I…
...will … become...
… a … 'moira'.
From today that's the end of
all my relations with you!
You two are no one for me.
Is that it?
Yes, it is.
I've already said that.
Good! Ma, from today you'll
have less hard work to do.
Why are you so afraid?
Do I have to listen to
them as I'm fatherless?
But I've my fears.
What's the use of
quarrelling with others?
You're coward! Not me.
And listen Ma! Till today,
what has he done for us?
Eh! They stay upstairs doing nothing...
I don't need such relations.
I only want you to do good work.
Work?
Who will give me work?
Why?
Just now you were boasting of
becoming a 'moira'.
Oh! I said it just for that!
I knew it.
I've already told Reba...
to inform me of any vacancy
in her husband's shop.
She said – if she tells her husband,
it'll be done.
Kalidas Indra's sweet shop?
Yes.
In Bagbazar?
Very large sweet shop Ma!
Kalidas Indra!
Will he appoint me?
Some people still listen to your
coward mother.
Oh Ma! You're my
sepoy of Barrackpore!
It's hurting!
Leave! Leave me!
I can make banana flower
with shrimps,
Hot spicy fried poppy seed pellets,
Kalai pulses with hing...
Did I ask you?
Chingri boi khilli,
Jalpai chatney with coconut,
Murhi ghanto...
Did I want to know?
Nnnn...
No!
If you want to work here...
no unnecessary word!
When I'm not there,
you'll help them in the sale of goods.
A notebook is there,
Where all the prices are written.
See it! Memorize!
Don't search the notebook
in front of a customer.
And if I find any discrepancy
in the accounts,
I'll cut it from your salary.
Shall I...
Shall I not make sweets?
Sweets?
You can make?
How old are you?
Twenty.
Mahesh! Hemen!
Coming!
Show him the workshop!
Come warrior! Come!
I was saying …
a little honey and kismis (dried grapes)
sprinkled on these would have
made a marvel – isn't it?
And some cashew …
Tell the master …
Not one slap will miss your cheeks.
Do all those marvels when
you start your own shop.
I was just …
Hold this!
Go!
Nobinbabu!
Yes!
I was about to go!
Don't tell about your
own ideas to others!
It will make him angry like
a red hot iron.
What are you saying?
Nothing! What did I say?
First do it to show them
what you want to do.
In spite of that those
who will see your work...
will get angry like a red hot iron.
Chatterbox!
Babbling the whole day!
Come on!
Do your own work!
Kismis is there in that box down there!
Once Rama had said …
Be satisfied with this
much...
Who are you?
Thief.
Tttttt … Thief! Thief!
Oh! No no no!
Hide and seek?
Thief of that game.
Oh!
See outside!
What?
Asking you to look outside!
Did you see? Fatty?
Yes. He's the actual thief
looking for me!
Hey! Hey!
Is he looking this side?
Hmm! Looking this side.
Is he coming this way?
Good that he takes
six months to move.
Relieved! He's gone!
Now you can go peacefully!
He may be still hiding there...
to catch me as soon as
I come out.
A person has come for so long
can't you even offer her a glass of water?
Is it my house?
Don't you know guest is God?
What are you mumbling?
No! Nothing!
What at all are you doing?
Nothing! Doing my work!
Do your own work damn it!
Why're you after him?
What's the name of that sweet?
What?
That one! What's its name?
'Khirer sandesh'.
Let's see! Give me one.
There the kismis is my addition.
It's not so good!
Oh my my! Not good?
No.
Wait.
Just have this!
This is good …
Who makes such sweets?
Had sixteen sweets?
Not one satisfied you?
The worker is unripe! Young!
No no no! I do not make these.
All of them are by Hemenda.
He's nearing 40 …
Can't do a thing properly!
If he couldn't learn in all this time,
he'll never do it.
Why are you laughing?
Look outside for fatty!
Is he there?
Ok. I'm seeing!
How sweet!
The road is clear.
I'm assuring you!
Don't have to worry!
Now you can peacefully …
Peace …
Here you're … hey... hey …
Stop!
What's this?
What are you doing?
Is she a girl or a demon?
Not one, not two …
gobbled up sixteen sweets?
Sixteen?
I know he is blind,
but what were you all doing?
What can I say Master,
You mean that little girl...
Slightly flabby...
With untied locks...
Yes! Yes!
Has a commanding tone...
Isn't it?
Yes... she is Bhola Moira's
granddaughter.
Did I ask you whether she is
granddaughter or a ghost?
Bring the price!
Otherwise, since you've fed her
the sweets to please her
I'll deduct the money from your salary.
Understand?
Your habit is to please people.
You are like a
performer (shong) of Jelepara.
I'll leave you with the shongs of
Kansharipara... during the Pujas next year –
you'll sing and dance to make
people happy, Ok?
Out!
Ok!
Get out!
Kit kit kit kit …
Hey you've stepped on the line!
Bearer stop the carriage.
Hey girl!
This side … look …
Come!
Do you know in which direction
is Bhola Moira's house?
I know it...
It's near the palace in Shobhabazar.
Shobhabazar?
But we were told it's Bagbazar.
I'm speaking.
You keep mum.
It's just beside the palace
of Shobhabazar.
But why are you going there...
to enjoy a musical soiree?
No no no!
Going for the matchmaking
of my son!
O! Matchmaking!
With the granddaughter of
Bhola Moira.
O! Granddaughter!
But reach there before the sun...
comes up on the top of your head.
Why, my dear?
When the sun comes on top,
temperature of her head also rises.
At that time she creates
slight problems.
What problem does she create?
Who doesn't bite if he/she
is mentally deranged?
Before you, at least 20 people had
gone after being snapped.
But the girl is very good!
Oh mother!
Go if you want to,
but come back before the sunset.
Why my dear?
Whenever the sun sets,
a spirit takes over her.
Spirit!
Yes! Spirits come and enter her head!
But there's no harm in it!
She starts searching for trees
where spirits live.
Maaaaaaa!
But she's a very good girl!
You stay here.
How do you know about her
from such a distance?
Only me? Everyone knows.
Hey everyone! Tell them!
Turn the palanquin (palki).
Quick!
Ram... Ram... Ram!
Softly!
Let's go!
Money!
Kanai, why didn't you come...
In spite of your promise.
When the tie of Braja
has slackened.
I've had to bear so much of pain,
my friend...
As the days of spring
fled away.
So many days have gone by...
On the path of the cowherd...
so many days have gone by...
But the notes of that flute
could never be heard!
Hundred flowers bloomed...
and dropped in the garden.
But he never came...
with the nupur tied on his feet!
Radha! Radha! Radha! Radha!
Have cast a net in the water of my mind...
to catch you this time.
Forget the world and come to me
you butter thief.
Have set a trap under the Kadam tree
to fasten you with my tears.
Forget the world and come to me
you butter thief.
Chant the name of the Lord (Hari)!
Stop! Stop!
Tell me! Where had you been?
See, how she is romping around!
Lost the poise of a girl!
Already fifteen years...
but doesn't have any sense as yet!
Don't you know your in-laws to be
are coming to see you today?
And what are you doing?
Look! She is so
much younger to you...
even she is married.
Your marriage will never happen.
Come! Come inside!
Aaaa! My money!
Aei! Who are you my son?
I'm Nobin Chandra Das.
I work in the shop of Kalidas Indra.
Well and good!
But what do you want me to do?
She ate sixteen sweets and …
Aei aei!
Shut up!
Had sixteen sweets, you see!
Didn't pay, isn't it?
Wait! A good treat is waiting for you!
Yes, my son!
How much is your bill?
Quarter of an anna, mother!
Take this, my son!
Oi! Come to the room!
I'll give you a good lesson today!
Yamuna, are you the same
Yamuna that flows away?
On whose shore of beauty sold
the most precious blue stone?
Do you hold such performances
here regularly?
Why do you ask?
Do you sing?
No no no!
Sometimes I just play the khol.
Is it?
Then please come one day.
Play with me!
I work in a shop!
So it's difficult to find time.
Whenever I find time,
I'll definitely come.
Be sure to come!
I'll wait for you with
thirsty eyes!
Yamuna, are you the same
Yamuna that flows away?
Are you a 'moira' (sweetmeat maker)
or a robber, eh?
I'm not a thief like you.
Me a thief?
Cheating a good person like
my mother?
Give the money.
No! No! No!
Not the money!
Oh! My father!
Now I can make out...
whatever you said to the palanquin
riders is absolutely true.
Eh! Tall talker!
Have come to take money for
those trashy sweets?
Trashy sweets?
That's why you gobbled up 16 of them.
I was expecting a good one.
Just look!
Please! Look here!
I'm not taking your money.
You offer me a good sweet first...
and I'll return your money.
How do you expect your good
sweet to be?
Good sweet...
Not sticky, this sweet is a boon...
as bright as the moon!
Filled with ras (sugar syrup),
delightfully soft...
When put in the mouth makes people
forget their pains and sorrows.
All people good and bad
will declare openly...
It can't be found anywhere in the world...
Want such a sweet from Nobin Moira!
So you can rhyme?
Yes, if the sweet is not right,
I can also cut throats.
So, not sticky …
Delightfully soft …
Luminous white …
Y…e…s … a ball of ras!
Not to be found anywhere in the world.
Will it happen?
Don't forget my money
for the sweets you had!
It will...!
Will it be possible?
It will!
"Like the moon" … means round.
"Luminous white" …
So it can't be condensed milk …
Must be posset.
See! I'll make a new sweetmeat!
Just like this!
A syrupy ball...
A sweatmeat from snack?
Ah! No!
It'll be round like this.
'Aam pana' (mango cordial),
'Kachauri pana' (water hyacinth)
'Chand pana' (like the moon)
A sweet from the moon?
Who said that?
From posset.
Listen! Tomorrow morning
I need some posset and sugar.
I'll give you posset, sugar… everything...
give me my snack back.
Eat!
Round balls!
Ram! Ram!
Listen...
Uh! Maheshdada!
Please let me think!
It's not happening!
Stop this nonsense!
If I've to talk every now and then …
What's being done?
I'm mmmmmm …
What are you?
A ram?
Trying to make a new mishti...
With only posset,
Delicately soft...
Why only posset?
If I use cream,
It'll not be soft.
So, I thought of using posset...
How do you know?
I know.
That's why I was making balls …
You know?
You know so much,
but it never occurred to you
that posset, if not
fried cannot soak syrup?
But when fried,
it will not remain white …
That's why …
You know better than me?
Better than even Bhim Nag?
Bhim Nag fried it to make
Lady Canning's sweet.
A novice like you would have
spoiled it!
I was trying it in a new way …
New way … new way …
Will win the world
at the age of twenty!
Young Bengal...!
There is nothing to invent.
See what others are doing and copy it!
Making new sweet!
All over Bengal so many people
are trying so many new things …
if we try to make a new mishti...
Stealing my posset and talking tall?
If I see any insolence
you'll be thrown out.
Mahesh!
Babu!
I don't need any novelty on jamai
shashthi, at the Dutta's of Bagbazar.
Such a vast Ganga but
don't you find a place to throw your waste?
I meant to call you up.
Hey! Don't you have anything to do?
You said – "it'll happen".
What will happen?
Syrupy ball or a frog head?
When I've said it'll happen, it'll happen.
– the syrupy ball.
I'll not stop before I do it.
Eh! As if you're a moving train!
Zik zik zik zik … won't stop!
Stop it!
Why? Why should I?
A competent person is always at work.
They do not waste time
in measuring Ganga water.
What are you doing here?
As if you've a lot of work!
Then go!
Climb the shaora tree!
Ok then! Feel the pinch!
A mad girl... a bad girl!
Please don't throw!
Forgive me!
See how it feels!
Go!
Oh! Saved!
If your words are not sweet,
how will your hands make sweets?
Is it the way to talk to girls?
The 'moira' who doesn't
behave sweetly,
can't make sweets!
Oh! Has understood everything
about sweets!
Hey! Do you know that person?
He is the man who made
the sweet for Lady Canning!
Bhim Nag?
Rupo! Whom have you brought?
He seems to be a young 'moira'!
But Mahesh Moira said the new
sweets can only be made by him.
Just give me one chance Madam...
I'll definitely be able to make it!
Ok, let's see!
Rupo! Leave this room now...
Ok!
I've some important things to
discuss with him!
Ok!
I can't turn my head repeatedly
to talk to you!
Come in front of me!
Yes! … Yes Madam!
I've three son-in-laws.
You'll have to make sweet for them.
Can you?
Don't nod your head at the very outset.
Listen to me first!
All my son-in-laws are arrogant!
The eldest is an addict.
He wastes the whole day
away with his friends.
Opium … hashish …
Doesn't pay heed to requests
by even his father-in-law.
Today is occasion.
Even today he has brought those along.
The next one always hobnobs
with the Europeans.
He has become almost a sahib.
Our preparations do not suit his palate.
Non-Hindu dishes are his most favourite.
And the youngest spends the whole day
reading, writing and studying newspapers.
Studying a few books he thinks
he's brought the world under his control.
You'll have to outwit all of them.
Can you do it?
Outwit?
Me?
No Madam!
Actually I couldn't continue my studies.
My father died before I was born.
And my mother alone …
Ah! Did I ask you to engage in a
rhyming competition with them?
You'll have to make a sweet that
will outwit them.
Make such a sweetmeat
that even if they are amazed...
cannot blame you.
Is it possible?
It is...
Your face doesn't indicate it'll happen.
It will for sure.
I'll tell you one thing.
I wont give you more than
an anna for each sweet.
Whatever price Kalibabu might
ask for them.
Sugar...
posset...
cream...
...will they supply here?
No... no no!
Then go! Make it!
Nobin! Make some sweet …
O my God!
Haven't made a single
thing as yet! What are you thinking?
Have to outwit them.
Outwit?
Are you mad or what?
This palmyra kernel,
always drenches you!
Hey! What has happened?
Got it! Got it!
What?
Got it! Got it! Got it!
Listen!
Bring me 50 mangoes.
Mango?
As many as you can.
From wherever you can.
Ripe mango, green mango,
hanging from the tree, dropped on the floor.
Bring them all.
And Keshar...
Brother Chondu!
Do you see the same thing
that I see?
Yes...!
I see...
...a fruit in a sweetmeat.
Me too.
'Aam sandesh'...
(mango desert).
What a mishti I had at
Mr. Maxwell's place!
From the very look of it,
it is quite evident that...
this sweet has been prepared in
an unhygienic process.
Not fit for consumption.
An article by me on this was published
in Amrito uncle's magazine …
Why do you preach
wisdom while eating?
Listen my dear!
I'm giving you a clear warning!
If I find this sweet to be
of inferior quality,
I'll hang you from the pole of charak...
with fire leaping up from below to catch you.
You at least test one...
If you find it unworthy,
punish me!
Have it my dear! Have it!
You've real talent, brother!
How old are you?
What's your name?
Twenty.
My name is Nobin.
N…o…b…I…n (young)!
You're still a teenager!
Moustache has just started appearing!
Such talent at this tender age!
Amazing! Wonderful!
Delicious!
You had almost started
a tumult in my palate!
Absolutely!
As if Malkanjaan has started
performing on my tongue!
I am not leaving you!
Come... come!
Let me extend my good wishes to you!
Leave him...
One anna!
You mean to say this mishti
costs one anna?
Will you force me to shut down
my shop?
Do you do it intentionally?
Or you are short of
practical understanding?
Or are you craving for claps
like the theatre artists?
No!
Actually Madam ordered me …
and you jumped off with this...
couldn't you say it's costlier to make?
I … mmm …
You talk so much
while arguing with elders...
Now have to answer.
Cannot keep mum!
How will you pay back?
We'll not give a farthing!
I apologize!
Might have misunderstood
what he was told.
Pardon him for once!
Pardon me sister!
I took him only on
Reba's recommendation.
I can't stand him any more!
For his innovations my
age old shop will go to the docks?
Now realize whom you've taken!
He was born with an ill omen.
Finished his father
before he was born …
now he is out to finish you.
Showing red eyes, eh?
Will you be able to pay
back his money?
Do you have that capacity?
Ma?
Give it!
Take it!
You've done a lot for me!
Won't need any further help from you!
Thanks!
God bless!
Such arrogance!
So you don't need any
help, isn't it?
I give you seven days' time to leave
this house for good!
Seven days!
Ok!
No! There's no scope here!
My workers are all experienced!
My work is not possible with
young workers like you.
What a pity!
Collecting leaves from the wild
at this age!
What else can you do with
a frenzied son like him?
You can send him to our house.
He will get some money
by weeding the garden.
He has such a good physique.
Let him exercise it a little!
My husband was saying...
Nobin has started working as
a tabadi (night soil carrier).
Eh! My my! Fetid smell of shit!
Come! Let's go!
When he made sweets, did he do it
with hands soiled with shit?
How do I know?
May be he did!
What other things will you do
to disgrace me?
Kill me! Just kill me!
What can I do?
Indrababu has slandered in
my name in such a way
that no one is willing to appoint me.
If I can't earn in these 7 days,
where shall we go ma?
We'll live on the street,
take shelter in Gosaipara's temple,
if you wanted to become a sweet maker,
you'll become and nothing else.
One who endures, he wins,
my son!
How much more do I have to
endure ma?
How much more will I endure?
At first I've to live...
...then only can I become
a sweet maker!
When the time is good,
When the sun shines brightly,
It's easy for anyone to be courageous!
But when...
clouds cover the sky,
When the thunder squall rages...
then you need to have confidence!
Have confidence in yourself, my son!
I've confidence in you!
What's this gosain …
what has happened today …
Your hands are failing to catch the rhythm?
My hands aren't catching
the rhythm...
My mishtis aren't getting round …
… uh!
None of you are listening to me!
Nobin!
Oh Nobin!
Hey … Nobin!
Feasting your eyes,
but what about the belly?
But...
...tell me where is work?
Work? It's here.
Will you be my partner?
What...?
No no.
It's partner.
I've an empty shop in Jorashanko.
The magic of your hands...
and my money.
Agreed?
O yes!
From now on, I'll also join you.
What are you saying Maheshdada?
Enough of copying!
Then from today,
our partnership starts.
Come! Let me give my good wishes!
Bishnu! Who are these people?
Pitter patter rings the rain
on the watercolour painting...
You're my only sky in
the shade of a pastoral tune.
Multi coloured glass bangles,
faces of seven shades
Your face veils the happiness
of the entire life.
When shimul palash will be shed
on the way, and wind sway the heart...
Then we two will live happily
keeping the oath alive in our hearts.
I'll sing the same tune
targeted at your eyes.
How did it happen
what never happened before...
As if the waves of a river
splash on my heart.
My dear friend...
My dear friend,
my life is in your hands!
What's the matter?
Why all this peeping and prying?
No no! I just went there …
then came here …
Don't feign innocence!
I've seen everything!
Following me for the last one year?
Wherever I go,
you appear from nowhere.
Pursuing me at every step like a cat!
What's your intention?
I'll make the sweet...
but where shall I find you?
See this crumbling house,
where I play hide and seek...
and where you follow to
play hide and seek with me.
Come here and call my name aloud
You'll find me dropping in front of you.
Like the spirit of the sheora tree.
If I do not find you...?
You will.
I'll get my moon-like sweet...
And you'll get your Khirod!
Will I get it?
Will happen!
It'll happen!
Happen it will!
It will happen!
Please do not worry!
Your son's marriage is like
a function in our house!
Leave all responsibilities to us!
Nobinkishore!
I'm going to pack my lungs …
With fresh air!
See!
They're broken again!
It is impossible Nobin!
Good heavens! What's that?
That's nothing! Nothing!
Please continue.
Bishtu!
Give the chewing tobacco!
Don't regret afterwards!
Your daughter is nearing sixteen.
You'll not be able to arrange
her marriage after this!
No ma! I'll not marry!
Given my word!
Have to make a thing.
I've not asked you anything!
You've to follow my order and marry!
Very wisely I and Khentidi have
decided this for you!
They don't interfere in others' affairs.
Listen! Your wayward daughter
cannot adjust with others.
Here there's only the husband
and the mother-in-law!
It's nothing! It's nothing!
Have rented a house in Chitpur!
You've a liking for music!
For over seven generations,
they've been steeped in music.
Has opened a shop all by himself.
Gradually, he'll organize everything!
Moreover, both your family
and theirs are 'moiras'!
Khentididi!
What's the name of the boy?
Nobin Chandra...
...Das!
What?
Do you know?
She's the granddaughter of Bhola Moira!
The divine couple have
met each other...
Behold!
Rai stands on the left of Shyam.
When Rai had Kanu,
happiness flooded her...
Behold!
Rai stands on the left of Shyam.
Oh! Ho! It's you?
Hey stop! Stand there!
Hey you've become very naughty!
To bring you here
has been my greatest mistake!
Come on! Go out!
Don't pester me any more!
I'm married now?
Go!
Oh!
Please bring me the sugar!
Give it to me!
Open the lid!
Work and then you'll know the hassle.
I'll work also?
Why not?
I'm sweet maker...
and you're my wife!
Alack!
What do I see here? Eh!
Son! Son!
Round balls! R..round!
Last night also you made those balls!
Lay here the whole night with her?
You made her work through
the night, isn't it?
Ma, tell her who didn't sleep
in the proper place.
I don't need a separate resting place.
No mother!
I had no problem.
You don't poke your nose into this!
Don't pamper him any more!
My pampering has turned him
into a monkey!
Son! Listen carefully!
When you've married, you'll
have to take all responsibilities!
I didn't want to marry …
What?
My first priority is my sweet,
then comes the rest.
Used to follow me everywhere,
and now he says he didn't want to marry!
Liar!
Son...
you followed her?
No ma!
What no? For whom are you
making this sweet, eh?
You are making it for her?
No ma!
That sweet will never happen!
Can't make sweet … he can
only make fool of others!
Only tall talks!
I know how far you can go!
Need not make syrupy ball,
rather try to make horse eggs!
Is that it?
All right!
Unless I make that mishti,
I'll not enter the house…
not even step on your shadow.
Wicked girl … telling all lies!
What can I say Master...
if I had known about
the whereabouts of the owner …
Who is Chondu?
I'm the owner!
You'll be mistaken if you think
you'll get away with such lame excuses …
I'll throw you all in jail …
I'll take back my shop …
Then I'll see which Gauri Sen
comes to save you!
Chondu...
Listen! I'm giving you seven days' time!
If I do not get the arrear rent within
that time, then see what I can do!
Do you know sir, in good faith
I had given this shop on rent
Spent one and a half years
without paying rent.
So you're great swindlers!
It has been a month since
I made the advance …
Where's the new mishti?
Where is it?
By chance I came to see
a day before the function …
That advance was also
taken by Chondu babu!
Hell with your Chondu babu!
This is the mishti for my son's marriage!
My son will not marry ten times!
Tomorrow if the mishti doesn't reach on time,
I'll hire goons
to destroy your shop.
Catch them!
Put them under pressure!
Oh beloved... don't tease me
in this tender age!
Please leave my hand
and let me go!
O dear! Nobody is aware of
his intension...
How can one be lost
in this direction?
Beauty is not to be maligned
in public observance.
Behold her beauty to admire her
from a distance.
Please listen to
me, my beloved...
Don't tease her in this tender age.
Great! What a performance!
What a surprise!
'Aam sandesh' sir!
What makes you come here?
You! You too!
Come on! Get up!
No!
Why are you pulling me?
Slowly! Careful!
Leave this joint and come home!
Leave me!
Already taken the advance
for making the new sweet!
How do I do it?
Where's the money?
Money is opium, opium money!
The shop-owner had come … said...
if we can't pay the rent within
7 days, he'll close down the shop.
Let him close down!
What do you mean? What shall
we do without the shop?
Only if we can make that new mishti,
the shop will get saved
… you'll be saved … I'll be saved!
Try to understand!
How many more people
do you like to ruin?
He is Nobin Kishore.
Makes very good mishti.
And you, for your addictions,
make fool of others!
How much is required?
Tell me, how much is required?
No … I …
Two rupees.
I beg your pardon for the break
in the performance.
That's all right!
Your Malkanjaan will be back
very soon.
Why will you give?
Take it as my wish or my choice …
Many homes have got devastated for me...
Today, if not home,
let someone's shop be established!
You …
Don't make me talk too much!
My voice is very precious!
Take this!
I say... take this!
Whenever I get an opportunity,
I'll return your money, my sister!
Go!
Leave me please!
Come with me silently!
My head is spinning!
Don't pull me like that.
Hey! What are you doing?
Go at a distance! Go!
See what's happening here!
Is it possible to stand
here in smoke and dust?
You've taken money...
do you remember?
Now take the responsibility...
Zamindari?
Talk softly. Go and get some saffron,
pistachio, currant … and some mango leather.
This is our last attempt.
How do stay in this smoke and dust?
Tell me.
I'm Amritalal Banik.
My name is Mahesh. So what?
Sweet! But I want to
talk to Nobinbabu!
Say that!
Nobin! See who has
come to talk with you!
Coming!
Take! Hold it!
Me? What a problem!
Welcome!
Why are you standing here?
Please go quickly!
It's getting late!
The new mishti that you're preparing …
It's being made… it'll happen…
don't worry… I'll send it …
No, no I'm not asking you to send it …
I'm talking of the right that
you have on the new mishti …
Rights and mights may
be discussed later …
If I'm late everything
will go to the dogs …
Later I'll let you have
whatever I make...
Sweet!
What?
Please have it!
Take one more!
New sweet!
Have come here to kill people?
See what you've done!
Beat him! Punch him!
Beat both of them!
Maheshdada!
I'll not make sweet any more!
Never!
Hey! Please listen to my words!
Oh Nobin!
Look maa ji,
how many days have passed …
he's kept himself confined in his room.
Why don't you convince him a little?
How much more should I say?
Does he ever listen to anybody?
Hey child, why don't you
say something to him?
What will she say?
The boy who loves to work
is not even stepping out...
...does she really care?
In our times, if the husband's
body was warm,
it caused blisters on the wife's body.
Now-a-days they don't even care a fig.
What kind of
daughter-in-law have I brought!
Oh! She's just a little girl …!
Little girl?
I was married at nine.
At her age Nobin was already born.
Little? Huh!
All the time she
speaks a lot...
If I knew this,
I would not bring her home!
Aha! No! No!
Look!
Eh Nobin!
What kind of a husband are you?
Get up please!
In our times,
if the wife's body was warm,
it caused blisters on
the husband's body.
I just can't fathom
the behaviour of you two!
Khirod!
Oh Khirod!
What are you doing here?
Why have you come here?
In search of you Khirod!
I've also come in search of someone.
You...?
Whom...?
Don't you remember,
there was a boy...
who played khol with
the performers in our house …
and when I played who
looked at me surreptitiously …
who spent nights preparing sweet …
the one who had given me his word...
that he would make a soft,
round sweet like the moon …
who never accepted defeat …
I'm trying to find that boy …
that boy!
That boy can't be found
any more Khirod!
If he can't be found,
I also cannot be found any more!
I'm defeated Khirod! …
I'm defeated!
For whom were you making
the sweet?
It's for me … for you …
Then why do you care about others?
You also will find the way...
Whatever a thousand people may say.
Your hands will light the lamp...
Of my cosy little home.
Let people think whatever they want to...
Let thousand rumors blow in the wind.
You will always find at your side...
Your Khirod and the syrupy ball!
I'll not be defeated Khirod..
Neither will I see you getting defeated!
I know.
Hi Nobin!
What are doing now?
Doing nothing, but will do.
You only say – will do,
will happen …
Just opposite your shop,
I'm opening my sweetmeat shop.
Hey Kanha!
Showing haughtiness, eh?
Hey Bihari!
Go! Fling him to the ground!
That's ok. Go!
Dada! Bihari can't do it!
Let's see what happens!
Brajababu!
Not babu, call me wrestler …
… Braja wrestler!
So...
You've come to fight with Kanha?
Oh no! No!
I've come for rent.
Do you consider me to be
a hired goon...
or a spoiler?
Goons and spoiler are available
on hire, not wrestlers.
No no! I want to
take your shop on rent.
Shop...
In Bagbazar, you've a shop opposite
Kalidas Indra's …I've come to take that on rent.
Your brother's adjascnt house…
Yes yes!
We stay there on rent.
Hey fling him!
Fling him to the ground!
What will you sell from that shop?
Sweet!
Your sweet shop
opposite Kalidas Indra's shop?
Better do one thing!
Go! Fight one round with Kanha!
Go!
My wrestling is as bad as
Kanha's making sweets...
I cannot wrestle,
can only make sweet.
Well! Very well said!
Did you hear what he said?
Yes, sir!
Listen my dear!
As a mark of obeisance and two
months' advance rent, give seven rupees.
Seven rupees! So much?
Many are waiting to take that shop
at a higher price than that.
If you can, give … otherwise go!
No, no I will!
But for that,
I need at least ten days!
Braja wrestler!
I'm badly in need of that shop.
Please do not give it
to anyone before ten days!
If you need it so badly,
then seven days!
If you can bring the money within
seven days, the shop is yours.
If not, forget it!
Want money? …
But my dear...
I don't give money to children!
Good bye, my boy!
See! Shop is good!
Money? I'll give.
Have to keep something in mortgage.
What did you say?
Mortgage?
Yes! Property deed … ornaments …
have to give something, isn't it?
Not much! Only ten rupees!
Ten rupees!
Oh yes.
If no one gives me a chance,
what do I do?
Do I get money from the tree?
Huh! Says – he will not
give money to kids!
Am I kid?
Let the old people sit in their shops!
Nothing new will be made!
Khirod, someone has to
help, isn't it?
Doesn't everyone have a 'first day'?
How do I … the shop …
What? What's this?
Your shop...
Ornaments?
Yes.
Have you gone mad Khirod?
Ultimately your ornaments?
Fie on me!
Who said these are my ornaments?
These are all gold and silver garbage!
But you!
Have you ever seen me
wearing all these?
Here is my ornament!
But …
No ifs and buts …
You establish your shop.
Will you not give my
things back even today?
Have you returned the entire money?
Paid your interest?
No! Then go!
Come my dear! Come!
Money … money … money …
Get out! Out from here!
What do you think of me?
An usurer?
Or have I started a
money-lending business?
Brought the ornaments of
your newly wed wife?
Mam … I …
I had told you on the first day – Nobin,
I'm there for you.
Did I tell you to bring the ornaments
of your new wife?
Pick it up! Pick up! Quick!
Huh! Stripped the new wife
of all her ornaments!
Fie on you! Such a sin!
I had gone to a Parsee usurer.
But from his attitude, I could understand
I would never be able to get
the ornaments back.
That's why I came to you.
Why did you go to such an usurer?
You should have come to me first.
Setting up a sweetmeat shop, isn't it?
Will this gold coin do?
I don't need this much of money.
Keep it.
Opening a new shop …
furnish it properly!
It needs time to get profit!
Madam!
But...
I'll return your money!
I know Nabin!
I've advanced in age!
I know people.
If it does good to you,
you'll do good to many more people.
Ok! Ok!
Don't ever bend your
head down to any one!
See, Bihari could do …
can you do it too?
It will happen...
Impossible will be possible...
What will be will be!
Shadows of dark cloud
have been removed...
With your sweet smile
people are following your path!
You are that crazy wind
that encourages the wings to fly...
All new thoughts are on soar!
You are that direction
which leads new dreams!
Everything is painted new with colors!
After a year...
Why is the counter empty?
Then who will make the sweets?
From morning till night
the same thing …
making the same white balls …
this father-in-law of mine
is not making sweets …
he's after making the Taj Mahal!
Since two years it's being made …
and being made …
Don't talk about a thing which
you don't understand!
Yes! He understands everything!
Our own Ram Raja Mohan Roy!
What did you say?
"Ram Raja Mohan Roy"?
Raja Rammohan Roy.
How many more days
shall pass like this?
Make your new mishti,
But you'll also have to make the other sweets.
Otherwise where will
the money come from?
See!
This is the problem of women!
Now you say – make mishti and
then you say – make money!
You yourself don't know what you want.
Don't talk about that sweet!
It's almost two years now and
we're yet to see it!
You are ruinning both
your home and work!
Your ability is well known to me!
Then I … I …
what am I doing now?
Who am I doing it for?
What are you looking at?
Call my son.
It's already late.
Won't you have lunch today?
If it continues like this ma,
we'll have to starve.
Why? What again?
Ma, I've decided to sit on the other side
of the door to manage the shop.
I'll talk with the milkman and
other suppliers.
A housewife will look after a shop?
Otherwise the shop will
go to the dogs!
The amount of loan that
we've incurred by now …
If we fail to steer it properly
we will lose everything.
Look my dear! I've allowed many
untoward behaviour of Nobin,
but I'll not tolerate this!
What'll people think?
If you think about people's
thoughts, what'll people think?
People will criticize even
you do something or not!
That, of course, is right.
Nobin's dad, you know,
was also like this.
I couldn't bend him...
Try if you can.
Take it!
Come on! Take it!
That's all right!
Sometimes I charge an anna per seer …
Sometimes two annas …
And from some I charge even four annas.
It's my milk, I'll decide what
price will I charge to whom.
If you want, take it.
Otherwise you milk the cows!
You cannot increase the price
every now and then!
With the cost of milk,
the price of sweets are also got to be higher.
The condition of your shop suggests,
you cannot sale this way or that way.
And listen!
I don't talk business with women!
Tomorrow, will you
take milk at this price?
Ok. Send it.
All right.
See, there's no one in the shop.
Let's go!
Please wait sir! Please!
What do you like to have?
What do I see, Natabar?
Maheshdada, customer has come.
I want the mishti of Lady Canning
and some babu sandesh.
Is it there?
We don't have that, but we've
very good sandesh and chhanaporha.
'Dedo'? 'Porha' (burnt)?
In such shops you'll get only
stuff like dedo, porha
… nothing else.
Don't you realize why there's
no customer in the shop?
Come, let's go to that shop.
Let's go.
What?
To hell with you!
Hey! Nobin!
Master, may I tell you something?
Tell me.
Don't take Nobin so seriously.
The condition of his shop suggests,
it'll go to the dogs any day.
It is wise to extract the poison fang
of a snake, while it's still a baby.
Poison grows without telling
the snake or the charmer!
One who can make a new mishti
in an hour's time, is an ordinary boy?
Only if I could taste that
mango desert he made …
He has made nothing new…
Since the last two years,
he's been making only balls …
One who doesn't think about time...
will have to be taken seriously!
Where to?
At Paolo sahib's house in Bandel.
Has arranged a musical party in the
morning, he has invited us there.
Will you take me with you?
Boatman, please row
the boat to the shore!
As dark as the black bumblebee
my friend, when will you come...
tell me, oh tell me!
If you want to go, my friend...
Leave back the towel on your shoulder.
As dark as the black bumblebee
my friend, when will you come...
tell me, oh tell me!
The cool shade of the banyan tree...
Just like that is the affection of my friend.
As dark as the black bumblebee
my friend, when will you come...
tell me, oh tell me!
Wonderful!
Where is your house?
What's your name?
I live in Bagbazar.
My name is Nobin Chandra Das.
Basically, I'm sweet maker by
profession… singer by passion.
That means there's a common
thing between us …
'Kaman'(Cannon)?
Hey! Why 'kaman'?
What did I do sahib?
Common means you love
cooking, I love cooking …
you love music … I love music …
that's what we call 'common'!
Don't get scared!
He's praising you!
William! Bring some cake!
Cake made of 'hing' (asafetida)?
Is he William?
Horro … William Horro.
Have you tasted it before?
No! Seen it in
sahib para (European locality).
Tell me what's there!
Wow! I can't miss it.
This is posset!
Correct posset…
We call it cottage cheese.
But...
how come the posset is so smooth?
Your posset is a bit rough …
Ours is smooth... smooth!
Your posset is rough …
Sahib's posset is smooth.
I've a request Sahib!
Tell me.
Will you please take me to your kitchen …
I mean where you prepare your posset …
where you knead it …will you show me?
Sure.
Will you?
Sure. I will.
But …
you'll sing one more song …
Wow!
Look!
This is where you make
your sweetmeat?
Oh! It's lemon!
We also …
Be patient!
So it's water of chhana!
If whey is mixed with milk,
then only the posset will be smooth.
Oh! Then that's the key?
Sahib!
This whey will make
my syrupy ball.
'Rosogolla'? No, it's
the syrupy ball...
'Rosogolla' – what's that?
Sahib…
that's my life Sahib…
...that's my love!
Love?
Remember, my young friend,
love is all about keeping promises.
Rosogolla…
Will happen!
Son?
Where had you been son?
Tell me, why do you
do like this?
Don't you feel our concern?
Giving you my word,
I'll not do this any more...
Come! Come!
Go!
Khirod!
Our new mishti will be made!
You know, I'm coming from
so far a place called Bandel!
There that Paolo sahib
was calling our syrupy ball...
'Rosogolla' … 'Rosogolla' …
Nice name … isn't it?
Hey… where are you going?
Where?
You will do whatever you like on
the plea of making that new mishti...
and we'll have to accept that?
No more plea …
this time it'll happen.
Rosogolla!
Sweet, sweet, sweet … is your head
filled only with sweet?
Yes...!
And you are in my mind!
I know you'll make me cry again.
I'll not make you cry any more.
I give you my word. By god …
This time our Rosogolla
will be made definitely!
Maheshdada!
Ho! Done! It's done!
Where are we going, my dear?
You've forgotten?
Take it!
Your sweet... as white as moon!
I feed you everyday …
Today you feed me!
Me!
Do you know…
here a bridge will be made…
Howrah station is on the other side …
People will reach there much faster.
That's good,
but nothing is being done …
only beating the drum beforehand!
Beating the drum is also necessary!
Making a good thing is not enough... you'll
also have to let people know about it!
We'll have to let people know
about your new sweet!
From now on
whoever comes to your shop...
give him your Rosogolla
to taste … for free!
They will bring you new customers!
You know me very well.
I love to feed people.
But I don't like matters relating
to money!
When will you grow up my dear?
Leave it!
What's the use in growing up!
You're there … isn't it?
Shameless!
Everyone is watching!
Hallo, Hemen bhaia!
Is Kalibabu there?
Yes!
Hemen!
Go inside! The idiot
can't trace a single thing!
A rascal has come to work
in my shop …
Ram Ram Kalibabu!
This is Nobin's Rosogolla... the
new sweet … it's very good!
Seems the sales from your shop
is not very encouraging?
You have to push things to people!
No no! Our products are moving …
Daughter in law said – Go!
Let everyone taste our new sweet!
What's there in this Rosogolla?
It's just another sweet!
It has...
the essence of love...
the labour of sleepless night...
the peace of soul…
And the most important of all…
It has the answer to all the fight!
Go away!
Even flies are not coming!
Papa! Feeling very thirsty papa!
All the time you feel
something or the other…
Sometimes you feel hungry…
sometimes thirsty …
Ok wait! Let me see!
I had two inside … ten in all.
Give me! Fast!
Coachman!
Yes Bagelaji!
If you find a place for drinking
water, stop there!
There are sweetmeat shops on both sides...
the one on the right is crowded and the left
shop is empty.
Come son! Get down!
Come son come!
Excuse me!
Can we have drinking water?
Yes!
No no! No need for sweets!
Just drinking water will do!
Have your seat please!
Come, my son! Please sit!
We're Bengali.
We don't drink water in empty stomach!
Have some sweets … then water.
Have your sit please!
Come son! Eat!
Hold it!
Papa! The sweet is excellent!
Excellent!
Is it good babu?
Wow! What's the name of this sweet?
Rosogolla.
Do one thing.
Give me all of them.
You'll take all the Rosogollas?
Oh yes! Pack it!
Maheshdada!
This is an excellent sweet.
Nobin's shop?
Count the number of customers!
Sir?
Take it!
What will you give me?
You?
Here's your gift – Rosogolla!
Rosogolla?
Go! Give it quickly and come back!
Didi! Dada gave this!
Hi Sudhirbabu! What are these?
My new son-in-law has come!
Taking three sher rohu
and Nobin's Rosogolla …
after all it's a question of prestige!
Of course!
It's my milk and that's my price...
take it or leave it!
Have you missed your way?
I thought it was
the Mediterranean's distance...
Vidyasagar too had to cross the river
Damodar when needed.
What's the need?
The anarchy that has been set regarding
the price of milk has to be resolved – isn't it?
Anarchy?
Don't you think it's anarchy?
Previously, only Kashi milkman
used to charge more.
After my improvemen in bussiness
all the milkmen are charging higher.
Your sales, your money
… you resolve it!
You invent so many new things…
do something about it!
I will not only invent the sweet...
but also discover the path!
Will the milkmen accept it?
Nothing will happen with
my lone efforts!
If you cannot get united,
their anarchy will increase day by day!
For instance, Kali… he didn't
agree … will the others agree?
They're actually scared of Kali uncle,
but they respect you!
If you be on our side,
I'll convince others!
Moira's son! Your behaviour, your
language … all have become sweet!
You've cornered all of us!
That's why we've been compelled to
organize this meeting here!
Milkman brothers!
I'm giving you this warning!
If you do not keep the same price
throughout Kolkata,
not one moira will
purchase a single drop of milk from you!
Rightly said!
That's why the price of milk that will be settled
here tonight in this milk depot of Bowbazar.
…That will be the fixed price of milk from
tomorrow throughout Kolkata.
You've started an unethical
business with milk.
Don't you feel ashamed of yourselves?
Since we moiras have assembled here,
Don't think that milk is
required only for making sweets.
Children and the ailing people
also need it badly!
No! Business doesn't mean
duping people.
Being honest also you can live happily.
Milkman brothers agreeing to our
proposal, raise your hands!
I say – raise your hands!
What happened... raise your hands!
What's your name?
Ganguram.
Slowly the wind rises!
The wind rises slowly!
News floats in the air!
Folk tales are born in every household!
See slowly the wind is rising!
See the wind rising slowly!
The wayward wind will turn...
Into a Norwester cyclone!
Oh young! Oh unripe!
Save the half dead!
Break the cage!
Carrying the baggage on
your shoulder Is not easy!
You're the boatman that will
take people across the river!
I'm Rupchand Pakshi … I'll
have your rosogolla …
I'll turn you into a bird
… Train you how to fly!
He doesn't want to fly!
Rupchand Pakshi's songs
are the pride of Bagbazar!
Not me, you're our pride!
The absolutely impossible will happen!
Whatever has to happen will happen!
The shadow of the dark
cloud has passed!
You self unconscious!
Listen with your sweet smile...
Everyone has started following you!
You're like that mad wind that
instigates the wings to fly
All new thoughts have started flying!
You're the target to that end
that makes the dream story...
Everything has got tinged
in the new colour!
Come!
Keep watch on the backside!
Yes! I'm going!
O Ghanashyam!
Appear before me!
Thief! Thief!
Hey Bipin! Come!
Catch the thief!
Hold!
We're sweet makers not thieves!
Stop! Stop!
Are you sweet makers?
Yes...
Heard a lot about your Rosogolla!
So we thought if we could learn
the tricks surreptitiously!
Go! What are you waiting for?
Get up please! Get up!
These people were trying to …
Oh! Maheshdada!
Look at their interest to learn!
I'll teach you!
You'll teach us?
With the water from Ganga
worshipping Goddess Ganga!
That's it!
I've come from Krishnanagar.
I'm from Belgachhia.
I'm from Bardhaman.
I've come from Baranagar.
Did you understand Rammohan babu?
Brajamohan … Brajamohan …
When will you be practical?
You're not listening to my words!
How long will you teach people
to make Rosogolla?
I have forbidden you to talk
with food in your mouth!
Hey! Have you emptied your mouthful?
Ma! But I haven't spoken a word!
Khirod … but I've reduced
teaching... isn't it?
I don't understand
why you are so angry on me!
Oho! It's very unjustified to be angry!
Will you become Raja Harishchandra
by giving away our hard earned thing?
May I tell you one thing?
Will you obey me?
Will I tell it before taking food or after?
Speak up!
I mean, I'll have to go to
Bardhaman to teach …
Going to European locality for
teaching them …
Then Dulalbabu …
Careful!
Are you all right?
Hemen!
Call Dulal!
Actually sweet had never been
patented before!
Had an intention of mesmerizing people by
doing it for the first time.
Stall your hard work!
Better try this one!
Impressed! Impressed!
Because you underestimated me!
I'm one of those few native
Indians...
...who are graduates.
See! See it for yourself!
New discovery!
Give! Give him
the rosogolla made by you.
He makes rosogolla.
His rosogolla?
I mean Nabinbabu has taught me...
Who knows that?
What do you mean?
I mean give Banikbabu the rosogolla
made by you.
Can a dog's stomach digest butter?
Is it fair to give the moon to a person who
doesn't understand its worth?
No! It's not fair!
Not good at all!
The sweet.
Have you tasted the Rosogolla
made by Nobinbabu?
If you did,
you would have known.
One who can make that Rosogolla,
let me try to get the moon for him first …
then we can think of this dwarf!
Bye!
Excuse me brother!
Will you taste one?
If at all I have,
I'll have the original.
Impressive!
Female entrepreneur!
This is future – right?
Nice meeting you!
I'm a patent agent.
What tet?
Sweet! Not tet … it's patent.
Patent.
In future, in this entire world, whoever makes
this Rosogolla, you'll get the royalty.
True?
Oh yes!
I don't want to listen to your words!
You'll have to patent it.
I'll not patent it.
Why? What's your problem?
Try to understand for once!
I taught so many people hands on.
Now if I ask money from them,
will it not be duping them?
This is as if I give seeds to a
farmer and ask him to grow crops …
and then I say – you'll never be able
to grow crops without my seeds …
That's not done!
Hey! Where are you going?
But … but my coconut?
So you'll not patent it?
No! He's not agreeing to it in any way.
Bad! Very bad!
In reality, you've actually made
it for the first time!
And now everyone can do it!
If any of them gets the patents,
then Rosogolla will belong to him.
Then you have to buy Rosogolla
that you've invented!
Bye!
What are you doing Khirod?
I'll not listen to you...
will you take the patent or not?
Why are you getting so angry?
Why not?
We'll have to pay for
what we've made?
Who's putting weird things
in your head?
Dad, will you play with me?
Go! Go away from here!
Wonderful!
Ok! What do the people whom
you teach give you?
Nothing more than a wrapper!
Khirod, I'm telling you for the last time...
listen to me carefully …
If I ask for money from
the persons I've taught,
people will think I've taught
them for personal gain!
You always hanker for your name…
you want people to praise you always!
What did you say?
What do you want?
Do you want us to starve?
If you do not take the patent,
I'll go to my father's house and take Khoka along…
and will never return.
I will...
never take... Patent!
As dark as the black bumblebee
my friend, when will you come,
tell me, oh tell me!
Khirod! Open the door please!
Have you taken the patent?
Why this same issue...
Your wife will tolerate all your whims
… not a mother.
You had promised me
you would not make me cry any more?
Answer me...
If you want to go, my friend...
Leave back the towel on your shoulder!
Hey!
Give me five Rosogollas...
Hi Hemen!
After such a long time?
Give me five Rosogollas.
I'll take them along!
You've come after so many days!
Come inside!
Not for me! It's for Kalibabu …
I was forbidden to tell you!
Please do not tell anyone!
Kalibabu will have it?
Hey Nobin! Come soon!
Kalibabu will have Rosogolla!
I haven't said anything!
Now price of milk is the same throughout
Kolkata. What else do you want?
No…
I've come to feed you Rosogolla!
Me?
Why?
Everyone says...
at bad times one needs
the blessings of elders!
That's why …
Sales of your shop is so high...
and you talk of bad time!
Khirod is not there at home …
What shall I do with the high sale?
Take!
All right! That's all right!
May I leave?
Yes!
Wait!
Will you teach me...?
Messenger of God...
Hey! Go!
A good beating will make you right!
Bipin! What's this going on?
Dada! He's disturbing since long!
I don't want to listen to anything!
Never behave like this
and give him some water!
Dada!
Nobin Kishore...
Have some water!
Slow! Slow!
Drink slowly!
I've been the cause of
a great loss for you!
That's all right!
The time was not ripe for business.
No!
There was nothing wrong in your sweet.
By mistake, my opium balls had
fallen in it from my pocket.
I was scared to tell you that!
Pardon me!
Pardon me please!
Maheshdada! It was right!
My sweet was absolutely right,
Maheshdada!
Chondubabu, you do not
know what good you've done to me!
I'll make new sweet now!
I'll pacify Khirod with the new sweet
and bring her back.
After all, our relationship is only
about sweet... isn't it?
Of course.
Chondubabu, what's your name?
Chondu.
No no! Your good name!
After ma died, no one called me by
that name for many years now!
We'll call you … just tell us!
Boikuntha Gangopadhyay …
I'll give your name to my sweet…
...is it ok?
'Boikunthabhog'!
Nobin!
See! The streak of madness
has returned!
But you do not go away!
Listen! Get him shaved and
dressed properly!
Khirod...
Khirod, I've come!
I know you do not want to see
my nose, lips, eyes … nothing!
Don't you know how inauspicious
it is if I don't feed you first?
Take this! Just smell it!
I've made this new sweet!
'Boikunthabhog'!
Oh! What an aroma!
If I didn't have to feed you first,
I myself would have taken it!
Please Khirod!
Don't do like that!
Just hold it!
Have been running the entire life!
Khirod!
Please don't do like that!
Please try to understand!
Don't get angry!
Khirod! I've understood!
Patent! Isn't it?
We didn't have anything…
Now we've so much!
We've our house,
our shop, our sweet …
We've our son …
What do you think?
Think!
Instead of these hands,
if another man's hands held you!
Go! Nothing stops you
from saying things!
Don't feel ashamed?
Exactly … I'm saying that only …
Whoever makes Rosogolla
in the entire world...
Nobin's hands will be Nobin's only!
I'll make many more new and
newer sweet Khirod!
Only you be with me!
Look at this...
'Boikunthabhog'!
I made it!
When will you grow up my dear?
What do I gain in growing up?
You're there – isn't it?
With what did you make
this 'Boikunthabhog'?
With love...
This is all about the glory...
There ends my story!